OpenUrlRedirect: Expand safe URL flow configuration (#65)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/1.24/analysis-go.md

| Reflected cross-site scripting (`go/reflected-xss`)                                                                                 | Fewer results         | Untrusted input flowing into an HTTP header definition or into an `fmt.Fprintf` call with a constant prefix is no longer flagged, since it is in both cases often harmless. |
| Useless assignment to field (`go/useless-assignment-to-field`)                                                                      | Fewer false positives | The query now conservatively handles fields promoted through embedded pointer types.                                                                                        |
| Bitwise exclusive-or used like exponentiation (`go/mistyped-exponentiation`)                                                        | Fewer false positives | The query now identifies when the value of an xor is assigned to a mask object, and excludes such results.                                                                  |

> | Open URL redirection based on unvalidated user input may cause redirection to malicious websiets (`go/unvalidated-url-redirection`) | Fewer false positives | The query now identifies some sources that are not attacker-controlled, and excludes results with such sources.                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Open URL redirect (`go/unvalidated-url-redirection`) | Fewer false positives | The query now identifies some sources that are not attacker-controlled, and excludes results with such sources.                                                             |
```

Author: Ah, right.
